work-life-balance/README.md, before:

# How I Cut My Working Hours in Half and Somehow Managed to Get More Done

This is my take on The Ultimate Developer Productivity Plan™. In it, I break down my most effective strategies for knocking out projects quickly so I can do the things I care about most.

### tl;dr for the tl;dr

In an average 8-hour workday, a developer will do maybe 3 hours of actual work. Between distractions, interruptions, overloaded schedules, and tight deadlines, it can feel like we never make any progress. This is Jason’s story of grinding 70–90 hours a week and the simple changes he made to cut his hours to 39/week on average — while earning more, getting more done, and having a social life again.

### tl;dr

Three hours. In an average eight-hour workday, the average developer will get _maybe_ three hours of actual work done. Between distractions, interruptions, overloaded schedules, and tight deadlines, it can feel like we'll never get _anything_ done. In this talk, Jason Lengstorf shares his story of grinding out 70–90 hours a week, and the surprisingly simple changes he made to turbocharge his productivity, earn more money, and **work an average of 37 hours a week in 2016** — while also rediscovering life outside of work.

### Full Abstract

Three hours. In an average eight-hour workday, the average developer will get _maybe_ three hours of actual work done. Between distractions, interruptions, overloaded schedules, and tight deadlines, it can feel like we'll never accomplish _anything_.

In 2013, Jason Lengstorf was pulling 70–90-hour weeks and _still_ felt overwhelmed with work. His career hit a plateau; his health suffered; he had no time to spend with family or friends.

But then he made a few strategic changes, and now he's the happiest, healthiest, and most productive he's ever been — and he's working an average of 33 hours a week.

In this talk, Jason will provide concrete, tactical strategies to:

* Eliminate distractions _without_ becoming unreachable
* Reclaim 1.5–3 hours _per day_ that currently goes to waste
* Dramatically increase brainpower for problem-solving and creative thinking
* Stop procrastination at the source
* Complete 8 hours of work in 4.5 hours — _consistently_

Whether you're a seasoned productivity pro or fresh out of college, this talk will give you actionable frameworks you can use immediately to take control of your time, improve your career, and leave plenty of time to do the things that matter most to you.

Commit message:

feat: add link to video

work-life-balance/README.md, after:

# How I Cut My Working Hours in Half and Somehow Managed to Get More Done

This is my take on The Ultimate Developer Productivity Plan™. In it, I break down my most effective strategies for knocking out projects quickly so I can do the things I care about most.

## Video

-   [Craft Conf 2018, Budapest, Hungary](http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/114944097)

### tl;dr for the tl;dr

In an average 8-hour workday, a developer will do maybe 3 hours of actual work. Between distractions, interruptions, overloaded schedules, and tight deadlines, it can feel like we never make any progress. This is Jason’s story of grinding 70–90 hours a week and the simple changes he made to cut his hours to 39/week on average — while earning more, getting more done, and having a social life again.

### tl;dr

Three hours. In an average eight-hour workday, the average developer will get _maybe_ three hours of actual work done. Between distractions, interruptions, overloaded schedules, and tight deadlines, it can feel like we'll never get _anything_ done. In this talk, Jason Lengstorf shares his story of grinding out 70–90 hours a week, and the surprisingly simple changes he made to turbocharge his productivity, earn more money, and **work an average of 37 hours a week in 2016** — while also rediscovering life outside of work.

### Full Abstract

Three hours. In an average eight-hour workday, the average developer will get _maybe_ three hours of actual work done. Between distractions, interruptions, overloaded schedules, and tight deadlines, it can feel like we'll never accomplish _anything_.

In 2013, Jason Lengstorf was pulling 70–90-hour weeks and _still_ felt overwhelmed with work. His career hit a plateau; his health suffered; he had no time to spend with family or friends.

But then he made a few strategic changes, and now he's the happiest, healthiest, and most productive he's ever been — and he's working an average of 33 hours a week.

In this talk, Jason will provide concrete, tactical strategies to:

-   Eliminate distractions _without_ becoming unreachable
-   Reclaim 1.5–3 hours _per day_ that currently goes to waste
-   Dramatically increase brainpower for problem-solving and creative thinking
-   Stop procrastination at the source
-   Complete 8 hours of work in 4.5 hours — _consistently_

Whether you're a seasoned productivity pro or fresh out of college, this talk will give you actionable frameworks you can use immediately to take control of your time, improve your career, and leave plenty of time to do the things that matter most to you.
