README.md, before:

# Presentations by Jason Lengstorf

I have too many repos that aren't actually useful on their own because they're disjointed presentations, demos, and other nonsense.

The goal of this repo is to create a single location where presentations live, including relevant demos, slide decks, and other resources.

## What's Inside?

### Who gives a fuck about a monad? Functional programming for people who hate math.

- [Slides](./functional-programming/slides/)
- [Session abstract and additional information](https://github.com/jlengstorf/presentations/tree/master/functional-programming)

### How to give presentations that aren't horrible and boring.

- [Slides](./conference-talk-tips/slides/)
- [Session abstract and additional information](https://github.com/jlengstorf/presentations/tree/master/conference-talk-tips)

## About Jason

(This is what I send to people as my bio.)

> Jason Lengstorf is a developer, designer, author, and friendly bear. He's worked in nearly every role in an agency — and when he first started his company, he _was_ every role in the agency — and uses his 10+ years of experience to approach problems from a truly full-stack perspective, from marketing and sales all the way through architecture and DevOps.
> 
> In the course of his career, Jason **has written several books and dozens of tutorials about development, built and sold a successful web agency, and built award-winning projects for companies like PlayStation, Intel, and Precision Nutrition.**
> 
> After selling his agency, Jason **spent two years [traveling the world and working remotely](https://lengstorf.com/remote-work-travel/)** as a contractor.
> 
> Jason **recently joined [IBM Design](http://www.ibm.com/design/) as a senior front-end developer** to help redefine how IBM approaches front-end development, contribute to better development processes, improve tooling, and mentor IBM’s new hires.
> 
> He lives in Austin, TX, spends most of his disposable income on food and travel, and can often be spotted foraging for berries in the forest.

### Videos of Previous Presentation

- [Happy People Do It Better](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjUwPmFcwJ8) — given via web conference

These ones are behind the Treehouse paywall, but you can watch a short sample.

- [How to Create Designs That Developers Understand](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/designing-on-a-team-how-to-create-designs-that-developers-understand)
- [You Need a Development Process (Yes, You.)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/you-need-a-development-process-yes-you)
- [CSS Pseudo-Element Master Class](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/pseudoelement-master-class-css)

These ones are older and/or low-quality video.

- [Realtime: How to Give Your Web App Hipster Cred](https://vimeo.com/47331511)
- [Intro to Object-Oriented PHP](https://vimeo.com/16915815) — slide show only, built in OpenOffice, and I'm talking like the [Micro Machines guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzbUPfoveok).

Commit message:

docs(bio): update bio to be more not-bad

README.md, after:

# Presentations by Jason Lengstorf

I have too many repos that aren't actually useful on their own because they're disjointed presentations, demos, and other nonsense.

The goal of this repo is to create a single location where presentations live, including relevant demos, slide decks, and other resources.

## What's Inside?

### Who gives a fuck about a monad? Functional programming for people who hate math.

- [Slides](./functional-programming/slides/)
- [Session abstract and additional information](https://github.com/jlengstorf/presentations/tree/master/functional-programming)

### How to give presentations that aren't horrible and boring.

- [Slides](./conference-talk-tips/slides/)
- [Session abstract and additional information](https://github.com/jlengstorf/presentations/tree/master/conference-talk-tips)

## About Jason

(This is what I send to people as my bio.)

> Jason Lengstorf is a developer, designer, author, and friendly bear. He's worked in nearly every role in an agency and uses his 14+ years of experience to offer a unique, cross-functional approach to solving complex problems. He has written several books and dozens of tutorials about development, built and sold a successful web agency, and created award-winning web projects for companies including PlayStation, Intel, and Precision Nutrition.
> 
> Jason is passionate about building better careers by first focusing on building better lives. He focuses on work-life balance, efficiency, processes, and productivity to help people get more done in less time — so they can spend more time on the things that matter most. Jason recently joined [IBM Design](http://www.ibm.com/design/) as a senior front-end developer and mentor to new hires, where he hopes to scale this philosophy throughout one of the largest companies in the world.
> 
> He lives in Austin, TX, spends most of his disposable income on food and travel, and can often be spotted in the forest foraging for nuts and berries.

### Videos of Previous Presentation

- [Happy People Do It Better](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjUwPmFcwJ8) — given via web conference

These ones are behind the Treehouse paywall, but you can watch a short sample.

- [How to Create Designs That Developers Understand](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/designing-on-a-team-how-to-create-designs-that-developers-understand)
- [You Need a Development Process (Yes, You.)](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/you-need-a-development-process-yes-you)
- [CSS Pseudo-Element Master Class](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/pseudoelement-master-class-css)

These ones are older and/or low-quality video.

- [Realtime: How to Give Your Web App Hipster Cred](https://vimeo.com/47331511)
- [Intro to Object-Oriented PHP](https://vimeo.com/16915815) — slide show only, built in OpenOffice, and I'm talking like the [Micro Machines guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzbUPfoveok).
