wordpress-deployment-for-professionals/README.md, before:

# WordPress Deployment for Professionals
### How to Solve the Problem of Multiple WordPress Installs in 30 Minutes or Less

## tl;dr

For most developers, managing the local, staging, and production instances of a website is a pain. WordPress is a special kind of awful due to the hassle of moving themes, plugins, media, and the database. But it doesn't have to be this way; using free and open-source tools, we can fully automate WordPress deployment on local and remote servers to get up and running in minutes with one click. In this talk, you'll learn how to spend less time setting up websites — so you can spend more time making them awesome.

## Full Description

Developing WordPress sites doesn't have to be painful. But for most of us, it's a nightmare: we work on our local copy, then we have to set up the staging server, export the content, import it on the staging site (and hope it all works), remember to install all the plugins, and move over the media files. All over FTP.

But we're developers. Why are we doing all this manual work?

In this talk, we'll look at the modern WordPress tools from the Roots team, Bedrock and Trellis, to see how we can set up a local WordPress development environment in minutes using Trellis, then deploy it to production fast with free SSL and two-way database syncing. Migrate everything — theme files, plugins, media uploads, posts, users, and all the rest — with simple commands using free and open-source tools.

You'll learn how to:

- set up one-click deployment to local and remote servers
- add SSL to your sites for free (with one line of code)
- sync databases between WordPress installs with one click
- hide required plugins from users to avoid accidentally breaking the site
- securely share the site code between team members

As an added bonus, you'll learn strategies for managing WordPress in source control, tightening security, and keeping things updated stress-free.

## Notes for Me

(I mean, you can read them too, I guess.)

- Use [Bluemix (SoftLayer)](https://control.softlayer.com/account/users) for the demo

Commit message:

add link to online repo
Note: in https://lengstorf.com/speaking/ there is no link to the online presentation only this repo ... but i can not suggest changes to the https://airtable.com/shr5IvPfIuL0PpKZo

wordpress-deployment-for-professionals/README.md, after:

# WordPress Deployment for Professionals
### How to Solve the Problem of Multiple WordPress Installs in 30 Minutes or Less

This repo is the source code for the Presentation [How to Solve the Problem of Multiple WordPress Installs in 30 Minutes or Less](https://jlengstorf.github.io/presentations/wordpress-deployment-for-professionals/slides/#/)

## tl;dr

For most developers, managing the local, staging, and production instances of a website is a pain. WordPress is a special kind of awful due to the hassle of moving themes, plugins, media, and the database. But it doesn't have to be this way; using free and open-source tools, we can fully automate WordPress deployment on local and remote servers to get up and running in minutes with one click. In this talk, you'll learn how to spend less time setting up websites — so you can spend more time making them awesome.

## Full Description

Developing WordPress sites doesn't have to be painful. But for most of us, it's a nightmare: we work on our local copy, then we have to set up the staging server, export the content, import it on the staging site (and hope it all works), remember to install all the plugins, and move over the media files. All over FTP.

But we're developers. Why are we doing all this manual work?

In this talk, we'll look at the modern WordPress tools from the Roots team, Bedrock and Trellis, to see how we can set up a local WordPress development environment in minutes using Trellis, then deploy it to production fast with free SSL and two-way database syncing. Migrate everything — theme files, plugins, media uploads, posts, users, and all the rest — with simple commands using free and open-source tools.

You'll learn how to:

- set up one-click deployment to local and remote servers
- add SSL to your sites for free (with one line of code)
- sync databases between WordPress installs with one click
- hide required plugins from users to avoid accidentally breaking the site
- securely share the site code between team members

As an added bonus, you'll learn strategies for managing WordPress in source control, tightening security, and keeping things updated stress-free.

## Notes for Me

(I mean, you can read them too, I guess.)

- Use [Bluemix (SoftLayer)](https://control.softlayer.com/account/users) for the demo
